Add new post for login redesign announcement (#55)
hackclub/hcb-engr: content/posts/login-refresh/post.mdx

import post from '@/components/Post';
import primaryImage from './login.png';

export default post({
    title: "🔥 Login Redesign",
    slug: "login-refresh",
    category: "new",
    tags: ["design"],
    authors: ["manu", "ian"],
    primaryImage,
    date: new Date("2025-01-27T09:09:58.258Z"),
});

> We're excited to unveil our refreshed login experience! It features a sleek, user-friendly design and now includes a gallery of handpicked images from successful events in the past. 
> Plus, if you're a new user, you can nowvisit our home page to learn more about HCB's mission and impact in the nonprofit tech world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, HCB's login page is a little boring. It gets the job done, but it's by no means exciting. That's why we're thrilled to unveil our refreshed login experience!

It features a sleek, intuitive design and now includes a gallery of handpicked images from successful HCB organizations. Plus, it provides some insight into what HCB is all about.

We're hoping the new design improves your experience on HCB and we're always happy to hear feedback.
```

import post from '@/components/Post';
import primaryImage from './login.png';

export default post({
    title: "🔥 Login Redesign",
    slug: "login-refresh",
    category: "new",
    tags: ["design"],
    authors: ["manu", "ian"],
    primaryImage,
    date: new Date("2025-01-27T09:09:58.258Z"),
});

Right now, HCB's login page is a little boring. It gets the job done, but it's by no means exciting. That's why we're thrilled to unveil our refreshed login experience!

> It features a sleek, intuitive design and now includes a gallery of handpicked images from successful HCB organizations. Plus, it provides some insight into what HCB is all about.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It features a sleek, intuitive design and now includes a gallery of handpicked images from iconic organizations running on HCB. Plus, it provides some insight into what HCB is all about.
```

Reviewer: Love this! "Successful" implies that other orgs are unsuccessful

Reviewer 2: You got it!
